[Music]
Mariah was married on Saturday being
prepared for matrimony by a hatred of
home by the misery of disappointed
affection and contempt of the man she
was to marry
oh she's marriage is indeed a
maneuvering business for everyone who
loved Emma and Sense and Sensibility
comes the story Jane Austen loved even
more Fanny Price was a poor relation
sent to the estate of her wealthy
cousins I was told to drop her at the
front entrance of Mansfield Park then
drop her we must prepare ourselves for
grew signals
underserving vulgarity of nana yes our
beasts it's a world of great luxury
we're refined manners are the order of
the day well certainly seem a dreary
loss she's there to learn the ways of
proper society but this spirited heroine
is about to turn the tables on them your
entire person is entirely agreeable yes
well it's nice I agree with everyone and
now love is about to put everyone to the
test which gentleman among you might
have the pleasure of making love to with
more winning will like
Edmond loves you fanny pry Henry
Crawford was asked to take your hand in
marriage
dance like an angel Fanny Price keep
your wig on she's delightful you have
created sensations which your heart has
never known before
what's he like a rake yes please
Sarah Max films proudly presents flat
you all my life honey
killing me
[Music]
Mansfield Park a film by Patricia Rosa
MA
[Music]